# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv export --no-hashes --format requirements.txt
-e .
allpairspy==2.5.1
    # via
    #   sensei-web
    #   user-simulator
amqp==5.3.1
    # via kombu
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.9.0
    # via
    #   google-genai
    #   httpx
    #   openai
asgiref==3.9.1
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-cors-headers
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   outcome
    #   trio
beautifulsoup4==4.13.5
    # via
    #   bs4
    #   user-simulator
billiard==4.2.1
    # via celery
boto3==1.39.4
    # via sensei-web
botocore==1.39.4
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
bottleneck==1.5.0
    # via langchain-google-vertexai
bs4==0.0.2
    # via chatbot-tracer
build==1.3.0
    # via user-simulator
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via google-auth
celery==5.5.3
    # via sensei-web
certifi==2025.7.9
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   selenium
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   cryptography
    #   trio
    #   zstandard
cfgv==3.4.0
    # via pre-commit
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via requests
chatbot-connectors==0.3.0
    # via
    #   chatbot-tracer
    #   user-simulator
chatbot-tracer==0.4.3
    # via sensei-web
click==8.2.1
    # via
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
click-didyoumean==0.3.1
    # via celery
click-plugins==1.1.1.2
    # via celery
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via celery
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   build
    #   chatbot-tracer
    #   click
    #   tqdm
    #   user-simulator
cryptography==45.0.5
    # via
    #   secretstorage
    #   sensei-web
distlib==0.3.9
    # via virtualenv
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
dj-database-url==3.0.1
    # via sensei-web
django==5.2.4
    # via
    #   dj-database-url
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-rest-knox
    #   djangorestframework
    #   sensei-web
django-cors-headers==4.7.0
    # via sensei-web
django-rest-knox==5.0.2
    # via sensei-web
djangorestframework==3.16.0
    # via
    #   django-rest-knox
    #   sensei-web
docstring-parser==0.16
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
docutils==0.22
    # via readme-renderer
filelock==3.18.0
    # via virtualenv
filetype==1.2.0
    # via langchain-google-genai
google-ai-generativelanguage==0.6.15
    # via google-generativeai
google-api-core==2.25.1
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-generativeai
google-api-python-client==2.181.0
    # via google-generativeai
google-auth==2.40.3
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-genai
    #   google-generativeai
google-auth-httplib2==0.2.0
    # via google-api-python-client
google-cloud-aiplatform==1.103.0
    # via langchain-google-vertexai
google-cloud-bigquery==3.34.0
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
google-cloud-core==2.4.3
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-resource-manager==1.14.2
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
google-cloud-storage==2.19.0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   langchain-google-vertexai
google-crc32c==1.7.1
    # via
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-resumable-media
google-genai==1.25.0
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
google-generativeai==0.8.5
    # via
    #   chatbot-tracer
    #   langchain-google-genai
google-resumable-media==2.7.2
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos==1.70.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
graphviz==0.21
    # via chatbot-tracer
greenlet==3.2.3 ; (python_full_version < '3.14' and platform_machine == 'AMD64') or (python_full_version < '3.14' and platform_machine == 'WIN32') or (python_full_version < '3.14' and platform_machine == 'aarch64') or (python_full_version < '3.14' and platform_machine == 'amd64') or (python_full_version < '3.14' and platform_machine == 'ppc64le') or (python_full_version < '3.14' and platform_machine == 'win32') or (python_full_version < '3.14' and platform_machine == 'x86_64')
    # via sqlalchemy
grpc-google-iam-v1==0.14.2
    # via google-cloud-resource-manager
grpcio==1.73.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.71.2
    # via google-api-core
gunicorn==23.0.0
    # via sensei-web
h11==0.16.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   wsproto
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via httpx
httplib2==0.30.0
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   google-genai
    #   langchain-google-vertexai
    #   langgraph-sdk
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
    #   user-simulator
httpx-sse==0.4.1
    # via langchain-google-vertexai
id==1.5.0
    # via twine
identify==2.6.12
    # via pre-commit
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   trio
inflect==7.5.0
    # via user-simulator
jaraco-classes==3.4.0 ; platform_machine != 'ppc64le' and platform_machine != 's390x'
    # via keyring
jaraco-context==6.0.1 ; platform_machine != 'ppc64le' and platform_machine != 's390x'
    # via keyring
jaraco-functools==4.3.0 ; platform_machine != 'ppc64le' and platform_machine != 's390x'
    # via keyring
jeepney==0.9.0 ; platform_machine != 'ppc64le' and platform_machine != 's390x' and sys_platform == 'linux'
    # via
    #   keyring
    #   secretstorage
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via sensei-web
jiter==0.10.0
    # via openai
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
joblib==1.5.1
    # via scikit-learn
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
keyring==25.6.0 ; platform_machine != 'ppc64le' and platform_machine != 's390x'
    # via twine
kombu==5.5.4
    # via celery
langchain==0.3.26
    # via
    #   sensei-web
    #   user-simulator
langchain-core==0.3.68
    # via
    #   chatbot-tracer
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-google-genai
    #   langchain-google-vertexai
    #   langchain-openai
    #   langchain-text-splitters
    #   langgraph
    #   langgraph-checkpoint
    #   langgraph-prebuilt
langchain-google-genai==2.0.10
    # via chatbot-tracer
langchain-google-vertexai==2.0.27
    # via sensei-web
langchain-openai==0.3.28
    # via
    #   chatbot-tracer
    #   user-simulator
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.8
    # via langchain
langgraph==0.6.6
    # via chatbot-tracer
langgraph-checkpoint==2.1.1
    # via
    #   langgraph
    #   langgraph-prebuilt
langgraph-prebuilt==0.6.4
    # via langgraph
langgraph-sdk==0.2.6
    # via langgraph
langsmith==0.4.5
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
markdown-it-py==4.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via jinja2
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
more-itertools==10.8.0
    # via
    #   inflect
    #   jaraco-classes
    #   jaraco-functools
mypy==1.16.1
    # via sensei-web
mypy-extensions==1.1.0
    # via mypy
nh3==0.3.0
    # via readme-renderer
nodeenv==1.9.1
    # via pre-commit
numexpr==2.11.0
    # via langchain-google-vertexai
numpy==2.3.1
    # via
    #   bottleneck
    #   numexpr
    #   pandas
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   shapely
openai==1.95.0
    # via
    #   langchain-openai
    #   sensei-web
    #   user-simulator
orjson==3.10.18
    # via
    #   langgraph-sdk
    #   langsmith
ormsgpack==1.10.0
    # via langgraph-checkpoint
outcome==1.3.0.post0
    # via
    #   trio
    #   trio-websocket
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   build
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   gunicorn
    #   kombu
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   twine
    #   webdriver-manager
pandas==2.3.1
    # via
    #   sensei-web
    #   user-simulator
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via mypy
pillow==11.3.0
    # via
    #   sensei-web
    #   user-simulator
platformdirs==4.3.8
    # via virtualenv
pre-commit==4.2.0
prompt-toolkit==3.0.51
    # via click-repl
proto-plus==1.26.1
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
protobuf==5.29.5
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-generativeai
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
psutil==7.0.0
    # via sensei-web
psycopg2-binary==2.9.10
    # via sensei-web
pyarrow==19.0.1
    # via langchain-google-vertexai
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.2
    # via google-auth
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.11.7
    # via
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-genai
    #   google-generativeai
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langchain-google-genai
    #   langchain-google-vertexai
    #   langgraph
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
    #   sensei-web
    #   user-simulator
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via pydantic
pygame==2.6.1
    # via sensei-web
pygments==2.19.2
    # via
    #   readme-renderer
    #   rich
pymupdf==1.26.3
    # via
    #   sensei-web
    #   user-simulator
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via httplib2
pyproject-hooks==1.2.0
    # via build
pysocks==1.7.1
    # via urllib3
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   celery
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   pandas
python-dotenv==1.1.1
    # via
    #   sensei-web
    #   webdriver-manager
pytz==2025.2
    # via pandas
pywin32-ctypes==0.2.3 ; platform_machine != 'ppc64le' and platform_machine != 's390x' and sys_platform == 'win32'
    # via keyring
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   chatbot-connectors
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   pre-commit
    #   sensei-web
    #   user-simulator
readme-renderer==44.0
    # via twine
regex==2024.11.6
    # via tiktoken
requests==2.32.4
    # via
    #   chatbot-connectors
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-genai
    #   id
    #   langchain
    #   langsmith
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   tiktoken
    #   twine
    #   user-simulator
    #   webdriver-manager
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via
    #   langsmith
    #   twine
rfc3986==2.0.0
    # via twine
rich==14.1.0
    # via twine
rsa==4.9.1
    # via google-auth
ruff==0.12.2
s3transfer==0.13.0
    # via boto3
scikit-learn==1.7.0
    # via
    #   sensei-web
    #   user-simulator
scipy==1.16.0
    # via scikit-learn
secretstorage==3.3.3 ; platform_machine != 'ppc64le' and platform_machine != 's390x' and sys_platform == 'linux'
    # via keyring
selenium==4.34.2
    # via
    #   sensei-web
    #   user-simulator
shapely==2.1.1
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
six==1.17.0
    # via python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   openai
    #   trio
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via trio
soupsieve==2.8
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==2.0.41
    # via langchain
sqlparse==0.5.3
    # via django
tenacity==8.5.0
    # via
    #   google-genai
    #   langchain-core
threadpoolctl==3.6.0
    # via scikit-learn
tiktoken==0.9.0
    # via
    #   langchain-openai
    #   sensei-web
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   google-generativeai
    #   openai
trio==0.30.0
    # via
    #   selenium
    #   trio-websocket
trio-websocket==0.12.2
    # via selenium
twine==6.2.0
    # via user-simulator
typeguard==4.4.4
    # via inflect
types-pyyaml==6.0.12.20250516
types-requests==2.32.4.20250611
typing-extensions==4.14.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-genai
    #   google-generativeai
    #   langchain-core
    #   mypy
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   selenium
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   typeguard
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspection==0.4.1
    # via pydantic
tzdata==2025.2
    # via
    #   django
    #   kombu
    #   pandas
uritemplate==4.2.0
    # via google-api-python-client
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   requests
    #   selenium
    #   twine
    #   types-requests
user-simulator==0.2.4
    # via sensei-web
validators==0.35.0
    # via langchain-google-vertexai
vine==5.1.0
    # via
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
virtualenv==20.31.2
    # via pre-commit
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
webdriver-manager==4.0.2
    # via
    #   sensei-web
    #   user-simulator
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via selenium
websockets==15.0.1
    # via google-genai
wsproto==1.2.0
    # via trio-websocket
xxhash==3.5.0
    # via langgraph
zstandard==0.23.0
    # via langsmith
